README.md, before:

# JSweet Swing example

Sample project for J4TS & JSweet & Swing

Many of the Swing classes and methods are missing, at the moment,
so most Swing applications would need major surgery to work this way.
I intend to continue to submit PRs for the [`j4ts-awt-swing`](https://github.com/j4ts/j4ts-awt-swing)
project that supports this one.

I have included three sample apps from the Swing Tutorial.  Two of the `main()`
methods are replaced with `mainDisabled()` at the moment.

## Usage

NOTE: This project will only work if you have locally built and installed two other projects:

```
git clone https://github.com/vorth/j4ts-file.git
cd j4ts-file
mvn clean jsweet:clean install
cd ..

git clone https://github.com/vorth/j4ts-awt-swing.git
cd j4ts-awt-swing
mvn clean jsweet:clean install
cd ..

git clone https://github.com/vorth/j4ts-swing-example.git
cd j4ts-swing-example
mvn clean compile && python3 -m http.server 9000
```

There are many other ways to run a sample webserver, of course; any will do.

Commit message:

Added an applet example
I also removed all the "*" imports, when I was experimenting with `module=es2015`.

README.md, after:

# JSweet Swing example

Sample project for J4TS & JSweet & Swing

Many of the Swing classes and methods are missing, at the moment,
so most Swing applications would need major surgery to work this way.
I intend to continue to submit PRs for the [`j4ts-awt-swing`](https://github.com/j4ts/j4ts-awt-swing)
project that supports this one.

I have included three sample apps from the Swing Tutorial.  All of the `main()`
methods are replaced with `mainDisabled()` at the moment, so that the applet
example works.  Change any single `mainDisabled()` to `main()`, and that will
override the applet automatically, except for `org.jsweet.example.j4ts.Main`,
which doesn't render a JFrame.

## Usage

NOTE: This project will only work if you have locally built and installed two other projects:

```
git clone https://github.com/vorth/j4ts-file.git
cd j4ts-file
mvn clean jsweet:clean install
cd ..

git clone https://github.com/vorth/j4ts-awt-swing.git
cd j4ts-awt-swing
mvn clean jsweet:clean install
cd ..

git clone https://github.com/vorth/j4ts-swing-example.git
cd j4ts-swing-example
mvn clean compile && python3 -m http.server 9000
```

There are many other ways to run a sample webserver, of course; any will do.
